AZIZA
PROVINCE: KART-E-NAW, KABUL 
CHILDREN: 2 DAUGHTERS, 1 SON WHO IS PARALYZED
Here is an old proverb - Who Sees the Hungry Graves. This proverb really matches the living condition of Aziza, When I looked at Aziza, I thought that she was only a body and her soul had gone. I thought to myself that am I dreaming. I was depressed in her painful sea. When I saw her, she was crying, and then she started to present her life story with a vibrating voice. 

"I am a woman who tolerated lots of pain and sorrow in my life. When i was single and was living with my family, our economic condition was at the worse level and my father had mental illness and was a patient. His behavior was realy rude. He used violent language with the rest of the family members and my mother was also suffering very badly from this situation, All these were due to our worse economic condition."

Aziza was 14 years old when she got married to a man of age 36.  Despite the age diffrence Aziza hoped that she would breathe freedom in her husband house, but this was not the case. Her husband was working as a gardner with a low monthly income. With the passage of time, Aziza’s husband got addicted to drugs. During this time Aziza was the mother of 3 children, a parlyized son and 2 daughters. 

"Due to our bad economic life we couldn‘t feed our children in a right manner and i borrowed money from my relatives to provide food for my children“ Afterwards Aziza felt that she should take part in her families economic life, so with a lot of resistance from her husband and facing many problems, she Joined one of the committees in Kart-e-Naw – KBL with the aim to be able to read and write and add to her skills of tailoring with the support of other committee members and she finaly started to do something for the lives of her children. After successfuly completing the training cycle, she had closely worked with the business trainer and joined a group of tailors in order to work with them in partnership.

Now Aziza says "Thanks, I have gained a lot of skills in tailoring and i can read and write properly. I am working in partnership with a group of tailors and they are paying me 100 Afs per clothing. I am realy happy to contribute to my family's income and most importantly to the education of my children as I know the importance of education now“.