NAFAS GUL KHWAJASAYED
AGE: 40
HUSBAND’S NAME: AB.HAFIZE
PROVINCE: PANJSHIR
CHILDREN: 4 DAUGHTERS, 3 SONS
Life is like a river full of downs that always drowns humans in it. But sometimes humans, by the use of their mind, save themselves from these adversities. I asked her to tell me some memories of her life. She smiled and told me her life story.

“My life is full of sorrows and pains. I have tolerated lots of pains from the beginning of my life. My in-law's family were very oppressive people and they beat me a lot. 2 years had passed from the start of my marriage. My husband went to Pakistan to find lawful food. During those days I borrowed money for alimony for my children. And I was solving the family problems. After 3 months my husband came back to Kabul. At that time the regime had changed and the country was under the power of the Taliban. We emigrated to Kohistan. There we faced lots of difficulties. Once, suddenly, the Taliban knocked on the door and arrested my husband in case he was keeping a weapon. They behaved very rudely and they took my husband with them. After some days my husband came back home. They had beaten him a lot and he was in bed for several months. Actually there was no criminal record found against him and no crime was ever proven, but they charged him money with no crime committed. We were suffering very greatly. We had no money for our alimony and they were asking for money. We had to sell the house equipment to collect money for them. All the equipments were sold and nothing was left. Then my husband went to Iran to work and earn money. In Iran he was doing heavy work. The beating he received by the Taliban injured his body and he wasn’t able to do heavy work. He went to the doctor and the doctor advised him that he shouldn’t have to do heavy work anymore because his liver no longer worked and he cannot move anymore. He became really disappointed and he was in the hospital again. He borrowed money for his treatment. Because he wasn’t able to do heavy work he came back to Kabul. In order to find food I had to send my small children outside to work to earn money. And he is selling water. When I heard about the AWC loan program I registered my name for the loan. By receiving the loan I started to work on it. I am sewing clothes and for each suit I am charging about 150 af and from my income I am paying the daily expenses and covering my children's needs. I am not too needy because now I have the ability to work and to have my own income. And I’ll improve my work in the future if God is willing. I hope that our loan program will increase so that we will have good income in the future."

1. Are you under the violence of your husband and family?
I was under the violence of my in-law’s family. They were oppressing me a lot. At that time I had nothing to do and our economical condition was very weak. Now I am independent and I am standing in my own feet and don’t need their assessment.
2. In which skills are you interested?
I am interested in many skills such as bakery skills, sewing clothes, knitting and beading knit.
3. Loan which you received?
First, second and third.
4. What works are you providing from the loan?
I am buying wood and I am doing bakery work from the loan. I am cooking the neighbor's bread. For each bread I am charging 8 rupees. From its income I can cover the house expenses.
5. Income
400-500 af
6. What changes in your life have you experienced after receiving the loan?
When I received the loan I started to work and my life changed. I was able to cover house expenses and the needs of my children. I am paying the weekly installment of the loan. And I sent my children back to school because I could cover their school expenses. At first I was really needy. I bought the house materials such as curtains, carpet and food items.
7. What request do you have from Afghanistan Women Council?
I hope that our loan program increases so that I can start another business.